research/product-links.md, before:

# Product Links — Amazon Listings

> Quick reference for sourcing product images. Save the main product image
> from each listing, then run through the conversion script:
> ```bash
> node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs path/to/image.png
> ```

---

## Countertop & Pitcher Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Bluevua RO100ROPOT-UV Countertop Reverse Osmosis System | B0CNPMRFXS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CNPMRFXS | `bluevua-ro100ropot-uv-hero.webp` |
| Bluevua RO100ROPOT-Lite(UV) Countertop Reverse Osmosis System | B0CZ475FBC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CZ475FBC | `bluevua-ro100ropot-lite-uv-hero.webp` |
| Amazon Basics 10-Cup Water Filter Pitcher | B07YT18P21 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YT18P21 | `amazon-basics-10-cup-pitcher-hero.webp` |
| Brita UltraMax 27-Cup Water Filter Dispenser | B09WBL9HCS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09WBL9HCS | `brita-ultramax-27-cup-dispenser-hero.webp` |

## Under-Sink Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Pentair Everpure H-1200 Replacement Cartridge Set | B002WDS3AW | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B002WDS3AW | `pentair-everpure-h1200-hero.webp` |
| Pentair Everpure H-300 Drinking Water System | B0045LXJGC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0045LXJGC | `pentair-everpure-h300-hero.webp` |
| iSpring RCC7AK 6-Stage Reverse Osmosis System | B005LJ8EXU | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005LJ8EXU | `ispring-rcc7ak-hero.webp` |
| Waterdrop G3P600 Tankless Reverse Osmosis System | B07P1XFYJP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07P1XFYJP | `waterdrop-g3p600-hero.webp` |

## Refrigerator Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| everydrop by Whirlpool Refrigerator Filter 1 (EDR1RXD1) | B00UXG4WR8 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00UXG4WR8 | `everydrop-filter-1-edr1rxd1-hero.webp` |
| GE XWFE Refrigerator Water Filter | B0882ZJ48W | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0882ZJ48W | `ge-xwfe-hero.webp` |
| GE RPWFE Refrigerator Water Filter | B009PCI2JU | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009PCI2JU | `ge-rpwfe-hero.webp` |
| Samsung HAF-QIN/EXP Refrigerator Water Filter (DA97-17376B) | B071NFVVNG | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B071NFVVNG | `samsung-haf-qin-hero.webp` |
| everydrop by Whirlpool Refrigerator Filter A (EDRARXD1) | B0D8MFM6BK | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0D8MFM6BK | `everydrop-filter-a-edrarxd1-hero.webp` |
| AQUACREST UKF8001 Replacement Refrigerator Filter (3-Pack) | B01G4T47S6 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01G4T47S6 | `aquacrest-ukf8001-3pack-hero.webp` |

## Pitcher & Dispenser Replacement Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Amazon Basics Enhanced Replacement Water Filters (3-Pack) | B07YT16TMS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YT16TMS | `amazon-basics-replacement-3pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Standard Replacement Filters (3-Pack) | B00004SU18 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00004SU18 | `brita-standard-3pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Standard Replacement Filters (4-Pack) | B0000CF98Q | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000CF98Q | `brita-standard-4pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Elite Replacement Filters (2-Pack) | B01MU7973W | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MU7973W | `brita-elite-2pack-hero.webp` |
| ZeroWater 5-Stage Replacement Filter (4-Pack) | B00C7N7L1E | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00C7N7L1E | `zerowater-5stage-4pack-hero.webp` |
| ZeroWater 5-Stage Replacement Filter (6-Pack) | B00OZIOLB2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00OZIOLB2 | `zerowater-5stage-6pack-hero.webp` |
| PUR Water Pitcher Replacement Filter (4-Pack) | B07WWB1MLN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07WWB1MLN | `pur-pitcher-filter-4pack-hero.webp` |
| Waterdrop WD-PF-01A Plus Replacement Filter (3-Pack) | B08C7QNSKZ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08C7QNSKZ | `waterdrop-wd-pf01a-plus-3pack-hero.webp` |

## Survival & Portable Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Timain 4-Stage Water Filter Straw (2-Pack) | B0CCD6BTVX | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CCD6BTVX | `timain-filter-straw-2pack-hero.webp` |
| Membrane Solutions Portable Water Filter Straw (4-Pack) | B07SYYQZDN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07SYYQZDN | `membrane-solutions-filter-straw-4pack-hero.webp` |
| NatureNova Personal Water Filter Straw (3-Pack) | B08YJHG8DQ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08YJHG8DQ | `naturenova-filter-straw-3pack-hero.webp` |
| MSR Aquatabs Water Purification Tablets (30-Pack) | B007W5D13O | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007W5D13O | `msr-aquatabs-30pack-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Squeeze Water Filtration System | B005EHPVQW | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005EHPVQW | `sawyer-squeeze-water-filtration-system-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Products Mini Water Filtration System | B00FA2RLX2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FA2RLX2 | `sawyer-products-mini-water-filtration-system-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL GeoPress 24oz Water Purifier Bottle | B07ZQSYQ4T | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07ZQSYQ4T | `grayl-geopress-24oz-water-purifier-bottle-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL UltraPress 16.9oz Ti Purifier Bottle | B09B2VZL94 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09B2VZL94 | `grayl-ultrapress-16-9oz-water-purifier-bottle-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL Tap Water Filter Bottle | B0B7MLQJ6Q | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B7MLQJ6Q | `grayl-tap-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR Guardian Purifier | B0186SMF6S | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0186SMF6S | `msr-guardian-purifier-hero.webp` |
| MSR MiniWorks EX Microfilter | B000BBF1GO | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000BBF1GO | `msr-miniworks-ex-microfilter-hero.webp` |
| MSR TrailShot Pocket-Sized Water Filter | B01N0B9G8A | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N0B9G8A | `msr-trailshot-pocket-sized-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR AutoFlow XL 10L Gravity Filter | B07Z8MW3JP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Z8MW3JP | `msr-autoflow-xl-gravity-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR Thru-Link In-Line Water Filter | B089LQ4YDC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B089LQ4YDC | `msr-thru-link-in-line-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Pocket Water Filter | B0007U00YE | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0007U00YE | `katadyn-pocket-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Hiker Pro Transparent Water Filter | B003AYEHHA | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003AYEHHA | `katadyn-hiker-pro-transparent-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Vario Water Filter | B000KUVVY4 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000KUVVY4 | `katadyn-vario-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn BeFree 1.0L Water Filter Bottle | B06Y2CJ3C3 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06Y2CJ3C3 | `katadyn-befree-1-0l-water-filter-bottle-hero.webp` |
| LifeSaver Liberty Bottle | B078YV96R1 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078YV96R1 | `lifesaver-liberty-bottle-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Go Series Filter Bottle | B08X1QY6T8 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08X1QY6T8 | `lifestraw-go-series-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Flex Advanced Water Filter | B079QH5C2X | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079QH5C2X | `lifestraw-flex-advanced-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Family 1.0 Portable Gravity Powered Water Purifier | B009GYWNX2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009GYWNX2 | `lifestraw-family-1-0-portable-gravity-powered-water-purifier-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro Portable Water Filter | B00QFXGSIY | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00QFXGSIY | `survivor-filter-pro-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro X Electric Water Purifier Pump | B08Q7KM59X | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08Q7KM59X | `survivor-filter-pro-x-electric-pump-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro X Electric Water Filter | B09ND8SV8L | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09ND8SV8L | `survivor-filter-pro-x-electric-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Squeeze Kit | B0CDJHX4YG | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CDJHX4YG | `survivor-filter-squeeze-kit-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Select Series S3 Water Purifier | B08HWCX44Y | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08HWCX44Y | `sawyer-select-series-s3-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Versa Flow Water Filter System | B01N6X4VQP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N6X4VQP | `hydroblu-versa-flow-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Clear Flow Water Filter Bottle | B07N4F4B15 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07N4F4B15 | `hydroblu-clear-flow-bottle-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Sidekick 2-Stage Straw Filter | B09JKLW5YN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09JKLW5YN | `hydroblu-sidekick-2-stage-straw-filter-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Go Flow Water Gravity Bag | B07Y5Y9K5N | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Y5Y9K5N | `hydroblu-go-flow-water-gravity-bag-hero.webp` |
| Platypus QuickDraw Microfilter System | B08JD4TJHQ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08JD4TJHQ | `platypus-quickdraw-microfilter-system-hero.webp` |
| Platypus GravityWorks 4.0L Water Filter System | B00A9A2HKM | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00A9A2HKM | `platypus-gravityworks-4-0l-water-filter-system-hero.webp` |

## Whole House & Sediment Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Membrane Solutions 5-Micron String Wound Sediment Filter (6-Pack) | B082PXRJBZ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B082PXRJBZ | `membrane-solutions-sediment-6pack-hero.webp` |
| Universal 5-Micron Sediment Filter Cartridge | B0FYDWSKY2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0FYDWSKY2 | `universal-5micron-sediment-filter-hero.webp` |
| Elkay 51300C WaterSentry Plus Replacement Filter | B004PUCV3K | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004PUCV3K | `elkay-51300c-watersentry-plus-hero.webp` |

---

## Workflow

1. Click the Amazon link for each product
2. Save the main product image (right-click → Save Image)
3. Rename to match the **Image Filename** column (use `.png` or `.jpg` extension for the source)
4. Place source files in `public/assets/images/`
5. Run the conversion script:
   ```bash
   # Single file
   node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs public/assets/images/bluevua-ro100ropot-uv-hero.png

   # All at once
   node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs public/assets/images/*.png
   ```
6. The script removes white backgrounds and outputs transparent WebP + responsive variants to `public/assets/`

## Notes

- All 58 products listed above
- Amazon links are **without** affiliate tag (these are for your reference, not for the site)
- The site generates affiliate links dynamically using tag `offgrid09a-20` from `config.ts`
- For products with multiple images on Amazon, grab the **first/main** image (usually front-facing product shot on white)

Commit message:

Add auto-generate script for product-links.md
New script reads the product catalog from config.ts and generates
research/product-links.md with Amazon links and image filenames.
Prevents the reference sheet from falling out of sync when products
are added. Run with: npm run product-links

https://claude.ai/code/session_01Y7JroxJEwq7yXzHX1DEsMR

research/product-links.md, after:

# Product Links — Amazon Listings

> **Auto-generated from `src/lib/config.ts`** — do not edit manually.
> Run `npm run product-links` to regenerate after adding products.
>
> Quick reference for sourcing product images. Save the main product image
> from each listing, then run through the conversion script:
> ```bash
> node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs path/to/image.png
> ```

---

## Countertop & Pitcher Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Bluevua RO100ROPOT-UV Countertop Reverse Osmosis System | B0CNPMRFXS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CNPMRFXS | `bluevua-ro100ropot-uv-hero.webp` |
| Bluevua RO100ROPOT-Lite(UV) Countertop Reverse Osmosis System | B0CZ475FBC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CZ475FBC | `bluevua-ro100ropot-lite-uv-hero.webp` |
| Amazon Basics 10-Cup Water Filter Pitcher | B07YT18P21 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YT18P21 | `amazon-basics-10-cup-pitcher-hero.webp` |
| Brita UltraMax 27-Cup Water Filter Dispenser | B09WBL9HCS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09WBL9HCS | `brita-ultramax-27-cup-dispenser-hero.webp` |

## Under-Sink Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Pentair Everpure H-1200 Replacement Cartridge Set | B002WDS3AW | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B002WDS3AW | `pentair-everpure-h1200-hero.webp` |
| Pentair Everpure H-300 Drinking Water System | B0045LXJGC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0045LXJGC | `pentair-everpure-h300-hero.webp` |
| iSpring RCC7AK 6-Stage Reverse Osmosis System | B005LJ8EXU | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005LJ8EXU | `ispring-rcc7ak-hero.webp` |
| Waterdrop G3P600 Tankless Reverse Osmosis System | B07P1XFYJP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07P1XFYJP | `waterdrop-g3p600-hero.webp` |

## Refrigerator Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| everydrop by Whirlpool Refrigerator Filter 1 (EDR1RXD1) | B00UXG4WR8 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00UXG4WR8 | `everydrop-filter-1-edr1rxd1-hero.webp` |
| GE XWFE Refrigerator Water Filter | B0882ZJ48W | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0882ZJ48W | `ge-xwfe-hero.webp` |
| GE RPWFE Refrigerator Water Filter | B009PCI2JU | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009PCI2JU | `ge-rpwfe-hero.webp` |
| Samsung HAF-QIN/EXP Refrigerator Water Filter (DA97-17376B) | B071NFVVNG | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B071NFVVNG | `samsung-haf-qin-hero.webp` |
| everydrop by Whirlpool Refrigerator Filter A (EDRARXD1) | B0D8MFM6BK | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0D8MFM6BK | `everydrop-filter-a-edrarxd1-hero.webp` |
| AQUACREST UKF8001 Replacement Refrigerator Filter (3-Pack) | B01G4T47S6 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01G4T47S6 | `aquacrest-ukf8001-3pack-hero.webp` |

## Pitcher & Dispenser Replacement Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Amazon Basics Enhanced Replacement Water Filters (3-Pack) | B07YT16TMS | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YT16TMS | `amazon-basics-replacement-3pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Standard Replacement Filters (3-Pack) | B00004SU18 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00004SU18 | `brita-standard-3pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Standard Replacement Filters (4-Pack) | B0000CF98Q | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0000CF98Q | `brita-standard-4pack-hero.webp` |
| Brita Elite Replacement Filters (2-Pack) | B01MU7973W | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01MU7973W | `brita-elite-2pack-hero.webp` |
| ZeroWater 5-Stage Replacement Filter (4-Pack) | B00C7N7L1E | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00C7N7L1E | `zerowater-5stage-4pack-hero.webp` |
| ZeroWater 5-Stage Replacement Filter (6-Pack) | B00OZIOLB2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00OZIOLB2 | `zerowater-5stage-6pack-hero.webp` |
| PUR Water Pitcher Replacement Filter (4-Pack) | B07WWB1MLN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07WWB1MLN | `pur-pitcher-filter-4pack-hero.webp` |
| Waterdrop WD-PF-01A Plus Replacement Filter (3-Pack) | B08C7QNSKZ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08C7QNSKZ | `waterdrop-wd-pf01a-plus-3pack-hero.webp` |

## Survival & Portable Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Timain 4-Stage Water Filter Straw (2-Pack) | B0CCD6BTVX | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CCD6BTVX | `timain-filter-straw-2pack-hero.webp` |
| Membrane Solutions Portable Water Filter Straw (4-Pack) | B07SYYQZDN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07SYYQZDN | `membrane-solutions-filter-straw-4pack-hero.webp` |
| NatureNova Personal Water Filter Straw (3-Pack) | B08YJHG8DQ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08YJHG8DQ | `naturenova-filter-straw-3pack-hero.webp` |
| MSR Aquatabs Water Purification Tablets (30-Pack) | B007W5D13O | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007W5D13O | `msr-aquatabs-30pack-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Squeeze Water Filtration System | B005EHPVQW | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005EHPVQW | `sawyer-squeeze-water-filtration-system-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Products Mini Water Filtration System | B00FA2RLX2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00FA2RLX2 | `sawyer-products-mini-water-filtration-system-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL GeoPress 24oz Water Purifier Bottle | B07ZQSYQ4T | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07ZQSYQ4T | `grayl-geopress-24oz-water-purifier-bottle-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL UltraPress 16.9oz Ti Purifier Bottle | B09B2VZL94 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09B2VZL94 | `grayl-ultrapress-16-9oz-water-purifier-bottle-hero.webp` |
| GRAYL Tap Water Filter Bottle | B0B7MLQJ6Q | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B7MLQJ6Q | `grayl-tap-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR Guardian Purifier | B0186SMF6S | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0186SMF6S | `msr-guardian-purifier-hero.webp` |
| MSR MiniWorks EX Microfilter | B000BBF1GO | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000BBF1GO | `msr-miniworks-ex-microfilter-hero.webp` |
| MSR TrailShot Pocket-Sized Water Filter | B01N0B9G8A | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N0B9G8A | `msr-trailshot-pocket-sized-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR AutoFlow XL 10L Gravity Filter | B07Z8MW3JP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Z8MW3JP | `msr-autoflow-xl-gravity-filter-hero.webp` |
| MSR Thru-Link In-Line Water Filter | B089LQ4YDC | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B089LQ4YDC | `msr-thru-link-in-line-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Pocket Water Filter | B0007U00YE | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0007U00YE | `katadyn-pocket-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Hiker Pro Transparent Water Filter | B003AYEHHA | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003AYEHHA | `katadyn-hiker-pro-transparent-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn Vario Water Filter | B000KUVVY4 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000KUVVY4 | `katadyn-vario-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Katadyn BeFree 1.0L Water Filter Bottle | B06Y2CJ3C3 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06Y2CJ3C3 | `katadyn-befree-1-0l-water-filter-bottle-hero.webp` |
| LifeSaver Liberty Bottle | B078YV96R1 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078YV96R1 | `lifesaver-liberty-bottle-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Go Series Filter Bottle | B08X1QY6T8 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08X1QY6T8 | `lifestraw-go-series-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Flex Advanced Water Filter | B079QH5C2X | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079QH5C2X | `lifestraw-flex-advanced-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| LifeStraw Family 1.0 Portable Gravity Powered Water Purifier | B009GYWNX2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B009GYWNX2 | `lifestraw-family-1-0-portable-gravity-powered-water-purifier-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro Portable Water Filter | B00QFXGSIY | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00QFXGSIY | `survivor-filter-pro-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro X Electric Water Purifier Pump | B08Q7KM59X | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08Q7KM59X | `survivor-filter-pro-x-electric-pump-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Pro X Electric Water Filter | B09ND8SV8L | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09ND8SV8L | `survivor-filter-pro-x-electric-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| Survivor Filter Squeeze Kit | B0CDJHX4YG | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0CDJHX4YG | `survivor-filter-squeeze-kit-hero.webp` |
| Sawyer Select Series S3 Water Purifier | B08HWCX44Y | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08HWCX44Y | `sawyer-select-series-s3-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Versa Flow Water Filter System | B01N6X4VQP | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01N6X4VQP | `hydroblu-versa-flow-water-filter-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Clear Flow Water Filter Bottle | B07N4F4B15 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07N4F4B15 | `hydroblu-clear-flow-bottle-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Sidekick 2-Stage Straw Filter | B09JKLW5YN | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09JKLW5YN | `hydroblu-sidekick-2-stage-straw-filter-hero.webp` |
| HydroBlu Go Flow Water Gravity Bag | B07Y5Y9K5N | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Y5Y9K5N | `hydroblu-go-flow-water-gravity-bag-hero.webp` |
| Platypus QuickDraw Microfilter System | B08JD4TJHQ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08JD4TJHQ | `platypus-quickdraw-microfilter-system-hero.webp` |
| Platypus GravityWorks 4.0L Water Filter System | B00A9A2HKM | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00A9A2HKM | `platypus-gravityworks-4-0l-water-filter-system-hero.webp` |

## Whole House & Sediment Filters

| Product | ASIN | Amazon Link | Image Filename |
|---|---|---|---|
| Membrane Solutions 5-Micron String Wound Sediment Filter (6-Pack) | B082PXRJBZ | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B082PXRJBZ | `membrane-solutions-sediment-6pack-hero.webp` |
| Universal 5-Micron Sediment Filter Cartridge | B0FYDWSKY2 | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0FYDWSKY2 | `universal-5micron-sediment-filter-hero.webp` |
| Elkay 51300C WaterSentry Plus Replacement Filter | B004PUCV3K | https://www.amazon.com/dp/B004PUCV3K | `elkay-51300c-watersentry-plus-hero.webp` |

---

## Workflow

1. Click the Amazon link for each product
2. Save the main product image (right-click → Save Image)
3. Rename to match the **Image Filename** column (use `.png` or `.jpg` extension for the source)
4. Place source files in `public/assets/images/`
5. Run the conversion script:
   ```bash
   # Single file
   node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs public/assets/images/bluevua-ro100ropot-uv-hero.png

   # All at once
   node scripts/convert-to-webp.mjs public/assets/images/*.png
   ```
6. The script removes white backgrounds and outputs transparent WebP + responsive variants to `public/assets/`

## Notes

- All 58 products listed above
- Amazon links are **without** affiliate tag (these are for your reference, not for the site)
- The site generates affiliate links dynamically using the tag from `config.ts`
- For products with multiple images on Amazon, grab the **first/main** image (usually front-facing product shot on white)
